ACTIONS: Open/Close doors, turn on/off lights, and check the cameras for the animatronics (or do nothing!)
Actions can be completed by selecting numbered options during the night.
When an action is in progress, there is an option to cancel the action.
Cancelling the action prevents the night from progressing.
Specifally, animatronics won't move, battery doesn't get wasted, and the time won't pass.
This is useful if you chose an option by accident. Though, you should still think carefully before choosing.

BATTERY: The battery power starts out at 100%.
Reaching 0% will result in a violent scene between you and Freddy (the main animatronic).

DOORS: Close a door when an animatronic is there.
Having one door closed consumes 4% battery power.

LIGHTS: Turning on a light allows you to easily see if an animatronic is at a door.
You will be told if an animatronic is near or has left an office door after each completed action.
You will also be shown a countdown for when the animatronics will attempt to attack.
Having one light on consumes 3% battery power.

CAMERAS: There are 11 total cameras, and each one can be viewed.
The most essential cameras are 8 and 11, since they show which animatronics are at your doors.
When you check a camera after the first time, the camera that was chosen previously will be checked first.
Viewing the cameras does not decrease power.

TIME: Your shift starts at 12 AM. You must survive until 6 AM.
After each completed action (including doing nothing), 15 minutes will pass.
The time will update every 60 minutes.

ANIMATRONICS: The 4 classic animatronics are here, and they are Freddy, Bonnie, Chica, and Foxy.
All animatronics except Foxy start at the Stage (Camera #1). Foxy starts at Pirate Cove (Camera #2).
Freddy can go to the left or right door. Bonnie can only go to the left door. Chica can only go to the right door.
An animatronic will also move faster the higher their AI level is.
An animatronic will also give you less time to close the door on time the higher their AI level is.
Animatronics won't move at all if their AI level is at 0.

FOXY: Foxy is quite different than the other animatronics.
He will try to enter the office through the left door.
You must check the camera that he is currently in to send him back to his cove.
Spotting Foxy on the previously checked camera won't send him back.
If Foxy has reached the door, he will instantly kill you. Closing the door won't stop him.